README.md, before:

# Baby Sleeping Tracking App
## Overview
We are creating a cross-platform mobile app in which parents of 0-6 year olds will be able to (1) track their sleeping habits and related events, (2) communicate with their sleep coach, (3) store and share baby information, and (4) view their baby’s sleep plan. Additionally, we will create a web-based interface for sleep coaches to (5) manage their clients profiles, (6) view baby information, and (7) add new sleep plans to their client’s babies.

For more details, please check out [Project Overview](https://team4wiki.notion.site/Overview-2cf8481247414266a1777d851c3e6b86)

## Wiki
We are documenting our project/resources on our [Team Wiki](https://team4wiki.notion.site/8bd55081a7174318bfe48448d65f9be2?v=205fbf9cb9954620a7d3631c9b1fc410&pvs=4) using notion.

## Issue Management
We are tracking the issues and managing sprints using
[Jira](https://septeam4.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/T4/boards/2/backlog?epics=visible&atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiMjI5ZmI5NDY0NjFmNGI2NmE0MWZjMTM1YTM0ZjQ5N2YiLCJwIjoiaiJ9).



## Authors
- Dylan Laurianti (dylan-laurianti@uiowa.edu)
- Mingi Lee (mingi-lee@uiowa.ed~u)
- Sergio Martelo (sergio-martelo@uiowa.edu)
- Haruko Okada (haruko-okada@uiowa.edu)


## License
TBD

Commit message:

docs: add style guide to README.md

README.md, after:

# Baby Sleeping Tracking App
## Overview
We are creating a cross-platform mobile app in which parents of 0-6 year olds will be able to (1) track their sleeping habits and related events, (2) communicate with their sleep coach, (3) store and share baby information, and (4) view their baby’s sleep plan. Additionally, we will create a web-based interface for sleep coaches to (5) manage their clients profiles, (6) view baby information, and (7) add new sleep plans to their client’s babies.

For more details, please check out [Project Overview](https://team4wiki.notion.site/Overview-2cf8481247414266a1777d851c3e6b86)

## Wiki
We are documenting our project/resources on our [Team Wiki](https://team4wiki.notion.site/8bd55081a7174318bfe48448d65f9be2?v=205fbf9cb9954620a7d3631c9b1fc410&pvs=4) using notion.

## Issue Management
We are tracking the issues and managing sprints using
[Jira](https://septeam4.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/T4/boards/2/backlog?epics=visible&atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiMjI5ZmI5NDY0NjFmNGI2NmE0MWZjMTM1YTM0ZjQ5N2YiLCJwIjoiaiJ9).

## Style Guide
Please adhere to our [style guideline](https://team4wiki.notion.site/Style-Guidelines-43809883442946549a1b78e789297544?pvs=4) if you are contributing to this project.


## Authors
- Dylan Laurianti (dylan-laurianti@uiowa.edu)
- Mingi Lee (mingi-lee@uiowa.edu)
- Sergio Martelo (sergio-martelo@uiowa.edu)
- Haruko Okada (haruko-okada@uiowa.edu)


## License
TBD
